Provide last response to `onSuccess` callback (#689)
tus/tus-js-client: docs/api.md

_Default value:_ `null`

> An optional function called when the upload finished successfully. The argument will be an object with information about the event. Its `lastResponse` key will contain the lastly received HttpResponse, which can be used to retrieve additional data from the server. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional function called when the upload finished successfully.

The argument will be an object with information about the completed upload. Its `lastResponse` property contains lastly received [`HttpResponse`](#httpstack), which can be used to retrieve additional data from the server. Be aware that this is usually a response to a `PATCH` request, but it might also be a response for a `POST` request (if `uploadDataDuringCreation` is enabled or an empty file is uploaded) or `HEAD` request (if an already completed upload is resumed).
```

Some more details about the response.

```js
onSuccess: function (payload) {

> 	const { lastResponse } = payload;
>     console.log("Status code", lastResponse.getStatus())

Reviewer: A bit more useful example

```suggestion
	  const { lastResponse } = payload
	  // Server can include details in the Upload-Info header, for example.
    console.log("Important information", lastResponse.getHeader('Upload-Info'))
```
